Add git clone instruction to the begining of breeze setup (#42403)
mistercrunch/Airflow: dev/breeze/doc/01_installation.rst

Installation
============

> First, clone the Airflow repository, but ensure you do not clone it into your home directory. Doing so will trigger the following error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, clone the Airflow repository, but make sure not to clone it into your home directory. Cloning it into your home directory will cause the following error:
```

> 'Your Airflow sources are checked out in /Users/username/airflow, which is also your AIRFLOW_HOME where Airflow writes logs and database files. This setup is problematic because Airflow might overwrite or clean up your source code and .git repository.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Your Airflow sources are checked out in /Users/username/airflow, which is also your AIRFLOW_HOME where Airflow writes logs and database files. This setup is problematic because Airflow might overwrite or clean up your source code and .git repository.`
```

> `Your Airflow sources are checked out in /Users/username/airflow, which is also your AIRFLOW_HOME where Airflow writes logs and database files. This setup is problematic because Airflow might overwrite or clean up your source code and .git repository.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Your Airflow sources are checked out in /Users/username/airflow, which is also your AIRFLOW_HOME where Airflow writes logs and database files. This setup is problematic because Airflow might overwrite or clean up your source code and .git repository.``
```

.. code-block:: bash

    git clone https://github.com/apache/airflow.git

> Then set your working directory to root of (this) cloned repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set your working directory to the root of this cloned repository.
```
